#summary install.

= Installation instructions =

1) Unpack 'phplively.zip'

2) Edit '/server/config.php'
	2.1) Change $config\[[lang\] to match your preferred language
		 Ex: $config[lang] = 'en';

	2.2) Change $config[ruta] and $config[url] to match your master site configuration (path and url).
		 You can leave it as is if you don't change this folder structure (/phplively/server).

	2.3) Add your allowed domains (client sites) on $config[dominios]
		 Ex: $config[dominios] = array('domain1.com','domain2.com','domain3.com');

3) Drop '/server' folder on your master site
	3.1) CHMOD 777 '/server/data'
	3.2) CHMOD 777 '/server/data/chat'
	3.3) CHMOD 777 '/server/data/visitantes'

4) For each of your 'client' sites do the following:

	4.1) Edit '/site1/example.php'
		 4.1.2	Should chat stay on top of your page (scroll across contents) or open a pop-up window?
		 		var nueva_ventana = false; //(true or false)

		 4.1.3 Where is your master site?
				url_destino = 'http://www.master-site.com/phplively/';

		 4.1.4 Where is this client site phplively folder?
				url_destino = 'http://www.domain1.com/site1/';

	4.2) Add site1/example.php code to your pages (inside body tag).

	4.3) Upload '/site1' folder

5) Done!

6) Open a new browser window and type: http://www.master-site.com/phplively/admin/
   Now you should see user's online and their information (if any).
   Turn on online-support so they can contact you. 
   Or alternatively, you can open a chat window to them.

I'm not fluent in english, but you still can contact me if you have technical problems:
http://www.jpr.com.ar/phplively/
reynal@gmail.com